Note gem is deprecated and guidance is ignored (#202)
ausaccessfed/aaf-gumboot: README.md

# AAF Gumboot

> [!WARNING]
> The aaf-gumboot gem is deprecated and no longer maintained.
> 
> We no longer follow uch of the guidance below, and intentionally so.
>

> > In its heyday, this repo was useful, though not in every way, and it didn't achieve everything we'd hoped. If you are curious about specifics, feel free to reach out.

Author: ```suggestion
> We now ignore much of the guidance below, and intentionally so.
>
> In its heyday, this repo was useful, but not everything it attempted to do worked out well. If you are curious about specifics, feel free to reach out.
```
